### Note 1

Assumption:
This step is you (humans) using the _Sorting Room_ UI (#43) to split the "Reel" manifest into parts.
During this process, you might give each manifest a label (for your own convenience) but little or no other metadata.
But you will give it a seeAlso pointing at some metadata, even if you haven't yet created that metadata. The seeAlso might be a 404 at this stage (the Manifest Editor can warn about it but won't treat it as invalid).

The end result is that each created Manifest ends up with a `seeAlso` property something like:

```json
    {
      "id": "https://crkn.ca/library/catalog/book1.xml",
      "type": "Dataset",
      "label": { "en": [ "Bibliographic Description in XML" ] },
      "format": "text/xml",
      "profile": "https://crkn.ca/profiles/bibliographic"
    }
```

### Note 2

This is where the targets of the seeAlso are created. There is now metadata at the other end of `https://crkn.ca/library/catalog/book1.xml`, not a 404.

### Note 3

We're assuming that this is a manual process. In order for a Manifest to acquire new metadata, you have to open it in the editor.
Then you flip to the "OAI-PMH" app.

This app has very little UI, because it's going to pull from the Manifest's `seeAlso`. What it could do is offer a text box prepopulated with the URL of that `seeAlso`, and a button **Import Metadata**.

If there is more than one seeAlso, this app could:

 - offer a drop down so the user can pick, and/or
 - exclude `seeAlso` links that don't match the profile it has been configured with; in this case, `https://crkn.ca/profiles/bibliographic`.

Either way, when the user presses the button, the app is going to try to `fetch` from the displayed URL.

This app can be generic, and through configuration offer options something like:

```json
{
    "label": { "en": ["OAI-PMH importer"] },
    "useSeeAlso": true,
    "permittedProfiles": [ "https://crkn.ca/profiles/bibliographic" ],
    "callBack": "myOaiPmhMarcMetadataHandler"
}
```

... where if `useSeeAlso` is `false` you just get an empty box to provide a URL; if `permittedProfiles` is empty, any `seeAlso` is allowed; and `callBack` is a function name that will be in scope.

TODO: how does it become in scope... drop it into a directory? What are the conventions? You should be able to write a plain JavaScript implementation of the callback. But we still might insist on ES6+ and modules, not just a function in a file.

### Note 4

This is where the function specified in `callBack` is called: 

(this is all tbc/straw person - probably don't want to tie this to a `fetch` `Response` object, might be used in other scenarios)

```ts
// This is what the generic plugin will call:
myMetadataHandler(source: string, body: string, status: int, id: string, vault: Vault)
// source: the URL that was called to obtain...
// body: the response from that URL as a string (if there is one)
// status: the HTTP status code of that response
// id: the id of the manifest being edited, which the callback can use to obtain the resource from...
// vault: the Vault instance that the callback needs to modify with the data it pulls out of the body.
```

The generic plugin has obtained the content from the external URL.
This is where crkn write a chunk of JavaScript or TypeScript that understands the format of `body` and can assign that data to the 


### Note 5

The plugin itself doesn't distinguish between create and update for fields. If you want that logic, implement it in the callback.

But that implies that you might want to disallow the attempt to populate. The callback can return something that indicates failure and a reason for the failure...

```json
{
    "success": false,
    "error": { "en": ["This manifest already has a label"] }
}
```

(That's an unrealistic example as you most likely would want to update `label` from source metadata, but it shows that you could reject the attempt for whatever reason.)

## For Digirati to do

* Implement this component
* Allow Manifest Editor to be configured with it
* Provide a demonstration of a callback that uses a very simple metadata format, hosted publicly in the ME repo as an example. Just a simple JSON dictionary and a callback that populates `label` and some demo `metadata` pairs.

## For crkn to do

* Configure their Manifest Editor with this plugin
* Write their own version of the callback that parses and processes their own MARC records (or whatever)
* Add this implementation to their ME instance.

## More discussion

Other ways this can work... 

 - we provide an impl of the callback that doesn't do the processing itself but uses iFrame and postMessage to hand off the processing to something else.


                                                     FileSystemAdaptor
                     AbstractFileAndFolderAdaptor -> GitHubAdaptor
                    /                                IIIFRestAdaptor
  Storage(file-open)                      
                    \                              
                     SomeOtherUIAdaptor